[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now, you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on the Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones,
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It is not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
and find themselves in the
midst of an all-out war!
After a change of plans,
Hordy threatens to
crush the entire island
under the weight of
a massive ship.
[HORDY] Either way,
the whole island is doomed!
That includes your
friends, the princess,
and everyone else down there!
You're just a weakling! Get it?
You can't protect anyone!
Watch me.
I'll save 'em all!
I trained for two
years. I'm ready!
[LUFFY]
"A Massive Confused Fight!
The Straw Hats vs.
The New Fishman Pirates!"
[HORDY laughs]
You think you can
save them all.
Oh, that's rich.
You talk a big game,
don't you, Straw Hat?
[laughs]
This is crazy. He turned
his back on Decken, too?
Sister, swim away!
It's up to you to save
our people, Shirahoshi!
It's a bit late for that.
[HORDY laughs]
A bit late? What is
that supposed to mean?
[MANBOSHI gasps]
Hold on! Isn't Decken on the
brink of death right now?
If he dies or passes out,
the Noah goes back
to normal, right?
[DECKEN panting]
His power will go away
and the ship will
stop following her.
And that mean that...
...it'll hit the island!
Why'd you kick me? That hurt!
Suck it up! I'll kick you
as many times as it takes!
You're such a meanie!
Even the captain wouldn't
kick me for no reason!
Well, you shouldn't
have hurt Nami.
You big waste of space.
How 'bout another
goose-egg to match?!
No, get away!
[SANJI]
Next time, be careful...
...where you drop your fat ass!
[WADATSUMI screams]
Nami!
Please don't get any
scratches on that hot body!
[NAMI]
Ugh. Not another one!
Gimme a break!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE X]
Watch out, she's dangerous!
Last time she used
that magic wand thing,
she did some major damage!
Ha! Black Ball!
How's she doin' that?
She must be some kind of witch!
A witch? That's rude, you guys.
How 'bout "enchantress"?
That's much nicer.
But it's not magic.
More like "advanced
meteorology," you might say.
Uh. Uh-oh.
Storm Cloud Rod, go!
[yells]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[screams]
What the--?
Help me, I'm dying!
Stay back! I can't let
you touch me-hii!
Or I'll be dried squid!
[ZEO]
Ikaros.
Did you notice how distraught
that black-suited buffoon was
when that woman
fell to the ground?
I believe we may have
discovered his weakness.
[IKAROS]
Oh, yeah?
[ZEO]
I'll make sure she can't move.
You can do the gruesome part.
[IKAROS]
Leave it to me-hii!
See? If you don't wanna
get yourself zapped,
you shouldn't be playing
with lightning.
[NAMI gasps]
Hey. Did something just grab me?
[ZEO chuckles]
[IKAROS laughs]
[IKAROS] You can be
dried squid instead!
Wait, what's going on?
I can't move! Somebody help me!
Anybody!
[NAMI screams]
Nami? Oh, that's right!
Here ya go! Say hello
to the Squid Spear!
[screams]
While you're standing there,
could I see your panti--?
[BROOK screams]
[NAMI]
Really?
So you're on their side.
Well, I'm glad I
stabbed you then!
I'll drain you dry-hii!
[BROOK]
Huh?
What's the matter?
When my spear stabs you,
you're supposed to bleed out
and turn into dried squid!
[IKAROS]
What am I doing wrong?
Come on.
Why, why, why, why, why, why,
why, why, why, why, why?
Tell me-hii!
[BROOK]
Well...
Being a skeleton,
I'm already dry as a bone.
[IKAROS]
You're what?!
But how can that be-hii?!
It is a rather
complicated concept.
But if you must know,
when people die,
their skin rots and--
That's not what I
was talking about!
[BROOK] Oh, I see.
Well, about 50 years ago...
[NAMI]
Hm?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[FRANKY] Jeez, what's the point
of havin' a badass robot
if everbody's too
chicken to fight it?
Huh?
[FRANKY yells]
Whoa, you okay, boss?
[IKAROS yells]
Who are you?
[FRANKY]
Franky.
[IKAROS]
Franky-hii?
[FRANKY] Come on, you don't
know a super guy like me?
Ah, you're one of their
officers, ain't ya?
You should have the backbone
to fight me, at least.
I'm a squid, but
I've got backbone!
[BROOK gasps]
Backbone? We have that
in common! My brother!
You're such a bonehead.
Hey, Skeleton!
I'd move away from
there if I were you!
Huh? Why's that?
Just move!
What did I step in?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE R]
Um... his face.
[gasps]
[NAMI]
Whoa, what's he doing there?
He must've been the reason
I couldn't move my legs!
Oh, hello. And who might you be?
[growling]
[ZEO]
How did you like that?
[NAMI, BROOK]
Huh?
[ZEO] You've just suffered
a devastating headbutt
to your foot!
[NAMI, BROOK]
Uh...
[ZEO] Prepare to enter
a world of pain.
Yes, any moment now!
[ALL]
Huh?!
He can't admit he's
getting stepped on.
I'm sorry I stepped on you.
He said it! Uh-oh!
[ZEO] It's a special
technique I developed
for delivering a headbutt
where you least expect it.
I call it... the Super
Sole Headbutt!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Don't give it a name!
[DARUMA] Come out, come out,
wherever you are!
It's time for some payback!
Ha-ha! You're no match
for me underground!
Now I'm gonna chew you
up and spit you out!
Daruma!
If you're not careful,
there won't be any ground
left for us to stand on!
Ah! You don't have to dig
that many tunnels, do you?
All right.
Hey, Chopper! You all done?
Need some help out here!
[DOSUN] Heh. I bet I can
catch this guy off guard.
Oh, boy. Almost too easy.
Hey! Chopper!
Jeez, can't he hear me?
[gasps]
I'll crush you into
the ground! Boomsun!
[CHOPPER]
Usopp! Look out!
[yells]
[CHOPPER]
Horn Cannon: Elf!
Wow. Nice goin'!
So are all the
tunnels connected?
Yup! We're good to go!
Sweet!
Now... Special Attack:
Green Star!
[gasps]
Wait for it! Skull Bombgrass!
[DARUMA screaming]
[USOPP]
Heh! Too bad for you, shorty!
We already fought a tunnel
digger back in Alabasta,
so we're pros now!
Heh. Practice makes
perfect, am I right?
Uh-huh!
[DARUMA laughs]
[DOSUN] You tryin' to
make fools out of us?
[DARUMA]
You screwed up my hard work!
I'm gonna pulverize you
like the little bug you are!
I can do some
pulverizing myself!
I'll bite that ugly nose off!
Yeah, it's too bad
you can't reach it.
Back me up here, Chopper.
Uh, you still there?
Uh-oh.
Hey, buddy?
Ha! Looks like it's my turn now.
[laughs]
[ALL gasp]
[whimpers]
[laughs]
[laughing]
[chuckles]
Ready-hii?
Stupidhead! Now you've
made me angry!
I'm gonna beat you up good!
You might even cry!
[HYOUZOU] That's it! Ha-ha!
I like your style, kid!
Finally, I get to
really let loose!
[FISHMAN C]
Ugh... Someone help.
[FISHMAN D] Oh, no!
Let me treat your injuries!
[MERMAID A]
It's okay, dear, don't cry.
[MERCHILD A]
Daddy!
[FISHMAN E]
Over here! He needs help!
Dammit, Hordy! These
people weren't even armed!
How the hell could
you do this to them?
Huh?
Her Majesty, is she safe now?
I've got no idea. I wish I did.
But wherever she is,
I'm sure she's fighting for us!
Madam Sharley, what's gonna
happen to Fishman Island?
Are we gonna die?
What about the guy
with the straw hat?
Is he gonna come back
here and save us?
I'm scared, Madam Sharley!
Say something!
We should pray.
[FISHBOY A]
Huh?
All we can do is pray
Princess Shirahoshi
and the others are safe.
We're helpless.
If we lose them, then we've
lost all hope of survival.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Higher! Higher!
Heh. So desperate.
[SHIRAHOSHI] Stay away from
the island, Noah! Please!
Shirahoshi!
If the Noah falls now,
it's all over!
No! She can't hear!
Stop swimming upward!
Sister! You have to change your
course before it's too late!
[HORDY]
They figured it out.
Shirahoshi!
[HORDY]
Shark Slicer!
Huh? Ah!
Brother, no!
Ryuboshi!
The plan is set.
Do not interfere.
Hey! Hey! Hold on!
If Decken dies, his ability
will stop working.
You see, I stabbed him so
that the Noah would fall.
[gasps]
So that's it!
If she keeps swimming
straight up,
the ship's just gonna crash
right into the island!
No matter how far
away she swims,
the problem's just
gonna get worse!
After her! We gotta go
tell her what to do!
Right!
Shirahoshi!
Weepyhoshi!
[HORDY]
Stop right there.
I won't let you ruin this.
It's far too convenient for me.
Without even raising a finger,
I can crush my enemies
in one shot.
Including your meddlesome crew.
Stay with me!
Shirahoshi! You've
gotta swim to the side!
Sister!
[gasps]
She-She heard you!
[LUFFY]
Yes.
[HORDY]
Huh?
Useless mermaid!
This isn't over!
She's pulling away
from the island!
And just in time, too!
You're getting on my nerves.
I'll make you pay for that!
I don't think so!
[HORDY]
Hm?
Ugh! You brat!
You're not gonna
hurt Weepyhoshi!
Tch. Watch me.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Noah, please follow me!
I can't hold him.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Just a little farther! This way!
Let's go!
Vander Decken would you just
hurry up and die already?
[DECKEN]
Hordy, I'll get my revenge.
Whatever it takes.
[SHIRAHOSHI] If I stop,
they'll all be killed!
[FUKABOSHI] The ship. It's
starting to move to the side!
Yeah, you're doing great!
Almost there!
Keep swimming!
Hurry!
My left hand touched you, so...
...you're going to
be my final target.
I'll run you into the ground.
I will chase you to
the gates of hell!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Noah!
[FUKABOSHI] You mustn't
give up now, Shirahoshi!
If it misses the island,
then this was all for nothing!
[DECKEN] Even if I die,
you can't escape!
[FUKABOSHI]
Stay back!
[MANBOSHI]
Hordy!
[gasps]
You're almost there. Don't stop!
Decken.
It's over. You've lost!
If you won't move,
I'll move you!
Yeah?! Bring it on!
My axe will end this
once and for all!
[HORDY]
Shark Slicer!
I'll protect everyone!
[yelling]
[ALL gasp]
We were too late! It's falling!
It's right on target, too.
[yelling]
[BOTH yell]
They're all going to die!
Is there nothing we can do?
[gasps] It can't be!
Now this island will
ring in a new era!
[growling]
[HORDY laughing]
[NARRATOR] Luffy tries to lure
Hordy to the deck of the Noah,
but his plan is thwarted when
the Fishman destroys the bubble
maintaining oxygen on the ship.
Fukaboshi faces off
with Hordy himself,
but cannot match the
strength of his foe.
As Hordy reaches a new
level of strength,
Luffy must place his faith
in a life-or-death gamble.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Luffy Loses the Fight?!
Hordy's Long-Awaited Revenge!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!